README.md, before:

# PEPPOL invoice support by large organizations
Shows which large organizations are sending invoices through the [PEPPOL-network](https://peppol.eu/what-is-peppol/) for faster processing of invoices.

## What is PEPPOL?
PEPPOL is a set of artifacts and specifications enabling cross-border eProcurement ([source](https://peppol.eu/what-is-peppol/)). **Simply said**: a means of making e.g. invoicing faster and less error-prone through a standardized data format.

Imagine receiving an invoice from a company, not having to manually put in into your bookkeeping software, but having all major fields (sender, invoice date/number, lines, totals, etc.) automatically filled out for you. A massive time-saver. PEPPOL makes this scalable at a global level.

## Contributing
If you want to add information to the tables below, feel free to create an issue or submit a PR! Easiest way is to 
1. Fork this repo.
2. Make changes (try to keep company names in alphabetical order 🤓)
3. Commit the changes to your fork.
4. Send a pull request to this repo.

## PEPPOL support per country
The tables below indicate per company whether they are able to send UBL-invoices and/or via the PEPPOL-network. Explanation of the columns:
- **Company**: The company name, in alphabetical order.
- **UBL status**: Whether the company can send UBL-invoices (in .xml format), as an alternative to PDF invoices. Allows the receiving party to import an .xml file which automatically fills out all major fields (sender, invoice date/number, lines, totals, etc.).
- **PEPPOL status**: Whether the company can send UBL-invoices through the PEPPOL-network, allowing the receiving party to automatically receive invoices in their bookkeeping software. Eliminates the need for the receiving party to upload PDF/UBL invoices into their bookkeeping software. 
- **Explanation**: Short description why the company isn't supporting UBL/PEPPOL yet, or short statement from the company that UBL/PEPPOL isn't supported yet.

### Global
|Company|UBL status|PEPPOL status|Explanation|
|---|---|---|---|
|[Exact Online](https://www.exact.com/uk/exact-online/)|✅|⏳|Exact Support 28-04-2019: *"Sending invoices through the PEPPOL network is possible for Exact customers since Spring 2019, while receiving invoices through PEPPOL is scheduled for the end of 2019."*|
|Microsoft (Azure/Office 365)|❌|❌|Microsoft Support 29-04-2019: *"We have an update from our accounting team that other than PDF format there is no other option in which invoices can be provided."*|

### The Netherlands
|Company|UBL status|PEPPOL status|Explanation|
|---|---|---|---|
|Moneybird|✅|✅||
|NS (Nederlandse Spoorwegen)|❌|❌|[Forum topic](https://community.ns.nl/ns-business-card-57/facturen-ontvangen-in-ubl-formaat-en-of-via-peppol-simplerinvoicing-57313)|

Commit message:

Add official statement of TransIP (NL) and add Azure Feature Request

README.md, after:

# PEPPOL invoice support by large organizations
Shows which large organizations are sending invoices through the [PEPPOL-network](https://peppol.eu/what-is-peppol/) for faster processing of invoices.

## What is PEPPOL?
PEPPOL is a set of artifacts and specifications enabling cross-border eProcurement ([source](https://peppol.eu/what-is-peppol/)). **Simply said**: a means of making e.g. invoicing faster and less error-prone through a standardized data format.

Imagine receiving an invoice from a company, not having to manually put in into your bookkeeping software, but having all major fields (sender, invoice date/number, lines, totals, etc.) automatically filled out for you. A massive time-saver. PEPPOL makes this scalable at a global level.

## Contributing
If you want to add information to the tables below, feel free to create an issue or submit a PR! Easiest way is to 
1. Fork this repo.
2. Make changes (try to keep company names in alphabetical order 🤓)
3. Commit the changes to your fork.
4. Send a pull request to this repo.

## PEPPOL support per country
The tables below indicate per company whether they are able to send UBL-invoices and/or via the PEPPOL-network. Explanation of the columns:
- **Company**: The company name, in alphabetical order.
- **UBL status**: Whether the company can send UBL-invoices (in .xml format), as an alternative to PDF invoices. Allows the receiving party to import an .xml file which automatically fills out all major fields (sender, invoice date/number, lines, totals, etc.).
- **PEPPOL status**: Whether the company can send UBL-invoices through the PEPPOL-network, allowing the receiving party to automatically receive invoices in their bookkeeping software. Eliminates the need for the receiving party to upload PDF/UBL invoices into their bookkeeping software. 
- **Explanation**: Short description why the company isn't supporting UBL/PEPPOL yet, or short statement from the company that UBL/PEPPOL isn't supported yet.

### Global
|Company|UBL status|PEPPOL status|Explanation|
|---|---|---|---|
|[Exact Online](https://www.exact.com/uk/exact-online/)|✅|⏳|Exact Support 28-04-2019: *"Sending invoices through the PEPPOL network is possible for Exact customers since Spring 2019, while receiving invoices through PEPPOL is scheduled for the end of 2019."*|
|Microsoft (Azure/Office 365)|❌|❌|Microsoft Support 29-04-2019: *"We have an update from our accounting team that other than PDF format there is no other option in which invoices can be provided. We have forwarded the request to our operations team, but please submit a feature request as well."* --> [Feature Request](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/34192--general-feedback/suggestions/37510492-invoicing-with-ubl-peppol)|

### The Netherlands
|Company|UBL status|PEPPOL status|Explanation|
|---|---|---|---|
|Moneybird|✅|✅||
|NS (Nederlandse Spoorwegen)|❌|❌|[Forum topic](https://community.ns.nl/ns-business-card-57/facturen-ontvangen-in-ubl-formaat-en-of-via-peppol-simplerinvoicing-57313)|
|TransIP|❌|❌|TransIP Support 30-04-2019: *"Even though we love automating things, we don't have UBL or a PEPPOL-connection available yet. We're happy to put it on our roadmap, please submit a feature request for that."* --> [Feature Request](https://www.transip.nl/knowledgebase/idee/2107-facturatie-via-ubl-+-peppol/)
